Chat GPT Research:
Prompt: find me a wordpress plugin that allows the following: load in people to take a customizable questionnaire with a csv. send out an invite email to the people loaded in with the  csv to take the questionnaire. allow multiple question types on the questionnaire. allow a web admin to view who has taken the questionnaire and the results. be able to export a csv of the employees answers. be able to store results. 

Response:
One possible WordPress plugin that fits the requirements you specified is "Quiz and Survey Master - Best Quiz, Exam and Survey Plugin for WordPress". Here's how it fulfills each of your requirements:

1. Load in people to take a customizable questionnaire with a CSV: Quiz and Survey Master allows you to import users from a CSV file and assign them to a quiz/survey.

2. Send out an invite email to the people loaded in with the CSV to take the questionnaire: You can use the plugin's built-in email system to send invitations to the participants with a link to the quiz/survey.

3. Allow multiple question types on the questionnaire: Quiz and Survey Master supports various question types including multiple-choice, true/false, open-ended, and more.

4. Allow a web admin to view who has taken the questionnaire and the results: The plugin provides a detailed report of the quiz/survey responses, including who has taken it and the results.

5. Be able to export a CSV of the employee's answers: Quiz and Survey Master allows you to export the quiz/survey results in CSV format for further analysis.

6. Be able to store results: The plugin stores the quiz/survey results in the WordPress database, allowing you to access them at any time.

7. Overall, Quiz and Survey Master is a powerful and customizable plugin that allows you to create and manage quizzes and surveys on your WordPress site.


Quiz and Survey Master: https://quizandsurveymaster.com/
Pricing: 
$129 / year (life time - $387)
 1 site
 Reporting and Analysis
 Export and Import
 (Mailchimp, convertkit and more)
 Google Analytics Tracking
 URL Parameters
 Landing Page

 $179 / year  (life time - $537)
  3 sites
 + Basic Addons
 Conditional Logic
 Mailchimp, Mailpoet, Get Response
 Summary Emails
 Extra Shortcodes
 User Dashboard
 Daily Limit
 Advanced Leaderboard
 reCaptcha
 Simple Popup

 $199 / year  (life time - $597)
  10 sites
 Plus Plan Addons
 Email Marketing Integrations
 (Mailchimp, convertkit and more)
 Zapier Integration
 Advanced Timer
 Export Results
 Google Sheet Connector
 Save and Resume
 + all 34 addons


